none type error (#3064)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Added the PEP484 (no-implicit-optional) hook to **pre-commit**.

> * Fixed an issue where **validate** failed when attempting to map null values in a classifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the content-graph parsing failed on mappers with undefined mapping.
```
